Notification Plugin docs (#22)
breez/breez-sdk-liquid-docs: src/guide/lnurl_pay_service.md

# Receiving payments using LNURL-Pay

Breez SDK - *Liquid* users have the ability to receive Lightning payments using [LNURL-Pay](https://github.com/lnurl/luds/blob/luds/06.md).

LNURL-Pay requires a web service that serves LNURL-Pay requests. This service needs to communicate with the SDK in order to fetch the necessary metadata data and the associated payment request.
To interact with the SDK, the service uses a simple protocol over push notifications:
* The service sends a push notification to the user's mobile app with the LNURL-Pay request and a reply URL.
* The app responds to reply URL with the required data.

> * The data is forwarded from the service to the payer.

Reviewer: To be more inline with other items; 
- **service** _sends_
- **app** _responds_
```suggestion
* The service forwards the data to the payer.
```

## General workflow

> The following workflow is application specific and the steps detailed below refer to the c-breez wallet implementation which requires running <b>[breez-lnurl](https://github.com/breez/breez-lnurl) </b>service.

Reviewer: Misty Breez?
```suggestion
The following workflow is application specific and the steps detailed below refer to the misty-breez wallet implementation which requires running <b>[breez-lnurl](https://github.com/breez/breez-lnurl) </b>service.
```

![pay](https://github.com/breez/breez-sdk-docs/assets/5394889/ef0a3111-3604-4789-89c6-23adbd7e5d52)

### Step 1: Registering for an LNURL-Pay service
Use a POST request to the service endpoint:

```
https://app.domain/lnurlpay/[pubkey]
```
With the following payload:

> ```

Reviewer: We can add syntax highlighting for these json code blocks.
```suggestion
```json
```

{
 "time": "seconds since epoch",
 "webhook_url": "notification service webhook url",
 "signature": "signed payload"
}
```

to register the app for an LNURL-Pay service.

> The signature is refers to the following string: ```[time]-[webhook_url]``` where ```time``` and ```webhook_url``` are the payload fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signature it refers to the following string: ```[time]-[webhook_url]``` where ```time``` and ```webhook_url``` are the payload fields.
```

The service responds with following payload: 

> ```>

Reviewer: **Note:** I don't know what `>` stands for here.
```suggestion
```json
```

{
 "lnurl": "https://app.domain.com/lnurlp/[pubkey]", 
}
```

### Step 2: Processing an LNURL-Pay request
When an LNURL-Pay request is triggered a GET request to:
```
https://app.domain.com/lnurlp/[pubkey]
```

> The service then sends a push notification to the app with the LNURL-Pay request and a callback URL. Such payload may look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service then sends a push notification to the app with the LNURL-Pay request and a callback URL. The payload may look like the following:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
 "template": "lnurlpay_info",
 "data": {  
  "reply_url": https://app.domain.com/respond/<request_id>
  "callback_url": https://app.domain.com/lnurlpay/invoice
  }
}
```

> The <b>reply_url</b> is used by the app to respond to the lnurlpay request.
> The <b>callback_url</b> s the LNURL-Pay callback URL, used by the payer to fetch the invoice.

Author: ```suggestion
The ```reply_url``` is used by the app to respond to the LNURL-Pay request.
The ```callback_url``` is the LNURL-Pay callback URL, used by the payer to fetch the invoice.
```

### Step 3: Responding to the callback url

> When the app receives the push notification, it parses the payload and then uses the reply_url to respond with the required data, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the app receives the push notification, it parses the payload and then uses the <b>reply_url</b> to respond with the required data, for example:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
 "callback": "https://app.domain.com/lnurlpay/invoice",
 "maxSendable": 10000,
 "minSendable": 1000,
 "metadata": "[[\"text/plain\",\"Pay to Breez\"]]",
 "tag": "payRequest"
}
```

The service receives the response from the app and forwards it to the sender.

### Step 4: Fetching a bolt11 invoice

The sender fetches a bolt11 invoice by invoking a GET request to the callback_url with adding a specific amount as a query parameter. For example: 
```
https://app.domain.com/lnurlpay/invoice?amount=1000
```

> An additional push notification is triggered to send the invoice request to the app. Then the app replied with the bolt11 invoice data.

Reviewer: Either option is fine, replies-responds:
```suggestion
An additional push notification is triggered to send the invoice request to the app. Then the app replies with the bolt11 invoice data.
```
```suggestion
An additional push notification is triggered to send the invoice request to the app. Then the app responds with the bolt11 invoice data.
```
